[//]: # (Living in a shotgun shack)
[//]: # (09/08/2021)
# The soul-less streets of Saint-Genis-Pouilly
Since the day I found out that I got the job at CERN, I've been looking for somewhere to live.  There's three realistic options: Saint-Genis-Pouilly in France and very close to where I work now, Meyrin in Switzerland which is also relatively well located and slightly more... upmarket than Saint-Genis, and then there's Geneva, but in no world can I afford the rent for somewhere nice there (though you'll hopefully have read that if I were to compromise a LOT, I could live there very cheaply).

Having been searching for months on end, checking new listings almost every day (and to this day I still do this because clearly I'm still looking for somewhere to live).  Now, I'd be living in this place for a year, so I don't really want to be living in a dump - you've seen how quickly I've cracked in this hostel.  Yesterday, I went to see a very nice apartment, and I really can't fault it (much); it was great inside, but it was very tucked away - from everything - and I don't know how irrational it is but I'm not sure I'd be entirely comfortable living with a 40 year old guy who not only gives off a weird vibe, his Spanish accent is also impossible to understand at the best of times (no offence to the guy or to other Spaniards but it's hard enough for me to understand people to begin with even before accents get involved).

Unfortunately, I think I'm going to give that apartment a miss, even though nowhere else I've come across has been quite so well-priced for what I'd be getting.  However, it's not a great first impression if the day after seeing the place I'm still having doubts about it.  It's just frustrating as everywhere else I've looked at or enquired about has either turned out to be grossly overpriced, or just soul-less and depressing.  I know I'll find somewhere eventually, but it's strange to think that I'm more comfortable in this hostel than I feel like I would be in that apartment.

## The bright side of life
There's no point dwelling on such negativities.  At the end of the day, the hostel is working, and it's *okay*.  Somewhere right will come up, but it's not the end of the world that I have to stay here a little longer; my towels and bedsheets are changed more often than ever before, and it's incredibly convenient that it takes me just 15 minutes to walk to work in the morning - for comparison, it would take three times that from the very nice apartment.

Aside from housing, things are good.  My work is right up my street (figuratively and literally) and I'm amazed how quickly the days go by when I'm actually working.  I do sometimes still get to work and ask myself "how did I get here?" and that damn song gets stuck in my head for the rest of the day, but other than that, I'm really enjoying it.

## Once in a lifetime
Seeing as it's one of those days where *the song* is stuck in my head, I'd just like to point out that funnily enough, I do find myself in another part of the world.  Sadly, not behind the wheel of a large automobile, and sadly not in a beautiful house with a beautiful wife.  This hostel is probably equivalent to a shotgun shack though, so I've got that going for me which is nice.  I probably shouldn't just be letting the days go by so quickly, it's not every day of my life I'll get to wake up here, so I should make the most of my time here.  My question to you all, is how do I work this?

### I can't believe I let that song derail this entire post
Sorry.