[//]: # (Last Week Tonight with Vic Trodd)
[//]: # (17/08/2021)
# Slowing down
Everything feels like it's slowing down a bit.  I'm not sure what it is, but my first two weeks seem to have flown past, and yet since yesterday it's felt like it's going at a snail's pace.  That's not me saying I'm bored by any means, it's just something I've noticed the past couple of days.

Work is still enjoyable, I've got plenty to do and while it's frustrating at times (like pushing a new branch only to find that it's a million commits behind everything because my supervisor cloned the github repo weirdly 😒), I feel like I've really landed on my feet with the job I've got.  In working on an actual React project, however, I've found out that the way I've made my website is **not** ideal.  I wish I could find the time to rewrite a lot of it, but for the time being, it's doing its job.

## Speeding up
This is where the fun begins.  I've been too stubborn to sort out renting a bike from CERN (which is just a 100CHF deposit and 1CHF per day), and I finally bit the bullet and bought an electric scooter.  It arrived today, and it's honestly game-changing.  For anyone interested, it's a [Pure Air](https://www.pureelectric.com/collections/pure-electric-scooters/products/pure-air-electric-scooter-second-generation) (it's also like £100 cheaper if you buy it in France, I've no idea why).

Instead of walking 25 minutes to tonight's football social, I was there in just 5 minutes, hurtling along at a whopping 15mph down by the riverside.  Honestly, it's just great fun, and ok I'm missing out on the exercise by not cycling everywhere, but this is not only more versatile and convenient, it also means I'm not breaking into a sweat by the time I arrive anywhere.

## An update on housing
I'm still in the hostel.

I went into Victorinox and IKEA and bought a bunch of stuff to use in the kitchen, which has made it a lot less awful to be here.  Although for some reason, the cups I bought were sold individually for 50 cents each, but I mistakenly bought a box of four for 5CHF...  And they're upsettingly blue.

Another revolutionary purchase from IKEA was some tupperware, so I've been able to cook two portions of food in the evening, box one up, and have it for lunch at work the next day.  I've still not decided to get a LOT of food in so that I can cook a different meal every night, but it's a start - I haven't worked it out yet, but I'm 100% sure it's saving me most of the money I would be spending in the canteen at work (the cheapest meal I've had there has been £7.50, but it's more frequently £8.50).

I have expanded my housing search to three-bedroom apartments, and am currently waiting for a response about one, though the landlord is apparently on holiday and not responding to any messages...  Housing adverts seem to have slowed down recently too, so I've not been able to consider any more, but the two people I have found to live with (who are both lovely, by the way) and I are all very keen on the one I've enquired about, so fingers crossed for that one 🤞.

## Saturday Night's Alright for... Nothing
Unfortunately, Saturday night was **not** for fighting.  On Saturday, I had hoped to go and see my Brazilian friend Betty (if you've not heard about her, go and read [this blog post](https://vic.trodd.dev/blog/04.08.2021)) and her daughter performing some live music.  I was joined by another CERN intern, and nothing seemed to go right for the entire evening.

Betty's show was on two nights; Friday and Saturday.  I proposed both to the person I was going with, and sent them a screenshot of the flyer for the Friday one, figuring it would be the same details for both of them.  So that was the plan that we worked with.  We met up in Geneva, caught the tram to where we were meant to go, and on reaching the top of a big hill, we found... nothing.

I looked around for any sign, my friend listened out for any semblance of live music, and nothing.  I checked the flyer screenshot, it said we were at the right place.  I then checked my chat with Betty, which had the flyers for both of the events.  We were at the right place for the Friday's event, but Saturday's was at a different venue.  One which didn't come up on Google Maps.

The address on it did have a road name, so I put it in and we decided to walk for half an hour rather than wait for the bus for 25 minutes.  We walked a good long way, and arrived at the road.  I spotted a road sign that even had the road's name, but still no sound of music anywhere.  I checked my phone again, and found our issue.  There are two roads.  With the same name.  Within two kilometres of each other.

We walked to the other road with the same name, which took us another half an hour.  We could hear music at last (well, I couldn't, but I was assured there was live music being played somewhere nearby), and we were definitely in the right place now.  It was, however, now past 10pm.  I had messaged Betty, and after walking all the way around the area and finding that the only music we could actually hear was from a small bar in the middle of a park, Betty finally responded with "C'est fini!".  A letdown, to be sure, but I potentially deserved it for not looking at the right event in the first place.

At least I got my steps in for the week.  I'll need them now that I'm taking my scooter everywhere I go.