[//]: # (Stir Crazy)
[//]: # (20/08/2021)
# A sorry state of affairs
My reservation with the hostel I'm staying in was going to run out on Sunday...  I'm no closer to moving out than I was three weeks ago, so I've been to the reception to extend my stay here.  And as luck would have it, they're fully booked from the 30th of August.  So I've now got 10 days to find somewhere to live.

I spoke to a local estate agent after that, and due to my contract only lasting 11 more months, they can't offer me anything because their minimum contract length is 12 months and it relies on me having an employment contract that lasts the entire time.  Which I don't.

There are places available, and I've emailed a couple of people today, but there's always something majorly wrong with them that I would have to put up with for almost a year, so that's just not happening.  I'm asking everyone I see if they know anywhere, and the answer's almost always "no but I'll keep an eye out for anything", or "yes, I'll give you the details for it" and it turns out to be awful.  And no, I'm not going to compromise on something that I would be living with for that long.

## A quiet place
It was quiet at work this week.  My supervisor's been on holiday, the other guy that works on the same project as me has also been on holiday.  Other people have been in and out of the office, and I think today there must only have been four or five of us in the entire corridor.  I've been getting on with my work, but no one's been there to review my code, so all of my merge requests for the project are just sat there waiting, and there's a lot of them now.  I'm sure my supervisor's looking forward to getting through them.  Maybe it's a good thing I spent all day today trying (and failing) to get one small thing working...

## Bland posts
I wish I had more interesting things to talk about in these posts - maybe even having more photos in them - it just seems like a lot of my time goes in to looking for somewhere to live, and the rest of it's just me being at work...  I've just not really allowed myself to get on with much else since the house thing is starting to become a real issue, but hopefully I can sort it out soon and I can get on with more exciting things.  Until then, it's back to trying to find a house to live in so I don't have to keep sitting on this awful wooden chair all evening.