[//]: # (Banking on it 🤞)
[//]: # (25/08/2021)
# Debunking Banking
Banking is definitely an interesting one when you're working for an organisation that pays its salaries in Swiss Francs, and living in a country that uses Euros.  I have yet to make full sense of the solution the bank gave me.  They gave me three different cards, all with different purposes.  One card, labelled `EUR/CHF WITHDRAWALS` is sent my salary, and I can withdraw cash from ATMs with it.  I can also, from that account, transfer money to either of the two other cards; one labelled `EUR PAYMENTS` and the other `CHF PAYMENTS`.

I get that it makes sense there, but I can't help but wonder, since it's an incredibly common situation here for people to live in France and work for CERN, why they've not produced a simpler solution, akin to a Monzo or Revolut card...  On the other hand, I could forget the three cards I've been given, and use IBANI to receive my salary and instantly transfer it to Revolut - and face the charges they put on for the pleasure of transferring such a large amount within a month (or whatever their limits/terms are...).  I'm trying to save as much money as possible in my year here, so I'd rather not be paying money to banks where I don't need to.

## Hostel Logistics
In other news, I have managed to make a new reservation at the hostel I'm in until such a time as I find somewhere permanent to live (more on that later).  I tried to make the booking from the end of my current reservation to the end of September just to be safe, and once it processed, it told me it would start two days after I moved out of the hostel...  Turns out none of the *cheap* rooms are available the whole time, but I was able to book one of the more expensive rooms - with a shower - for those two days.  So on Monday, I have to get back from work and move everything I have with me from one hostel room to another undisclosed room (which could be in a completely different building for all I know).  After that, two days later, I have to do the same thing and move to yet another different undisclosed hostel room.

Getting past all that, I should then be safe until the exciting unknown date in September where the current tenant of a nice apartment in the centre of town moves out so that I can immediately move in.  The landlord wanted to postpone it until October so that he could go in and do some renovations.  I can't see that affecting me so much, so I told him I didn't mind if he did it while I was living there, and even offered to help out where I can (to which he responded with offering to lower the rent if I did 👀).  He seems very keen for me to have the place, so my toes are crossed that it works out.  If not, I'm still on the lookout for other nice places, and now that I have this hostel booked until the end of September, there's nowhere near as much of a panic to find somewhere.

## Burnout. Maybe?
I think I've said this kind of thing in previous posts, but work is very slow these days.  I've got lots to get on with, and it's not exactly hard work, but I can't stay focussed on it for any extended period of time.  I want to put the blame on the fact that my supervisor has been away for 7 working days and there's a huge amount of code sitting around that hasn't been merged into the actual project.  Since a lot of the work I did in the past week was interconnected, and I created so many different branches in the repository, it's an overwhelming mess that I can't stomach the thought of dealing with.

My hope is that that's all it is, and that I can get back on enjoying work (like my first couple of weeks here).  Or perhaps it was the added stress of having to find somewhere to live imminently.  Either way, it should go back to normal soon.  If not, then maybe my week-long holiday in a couple weeks time (which I am very excited for and will be hopefully putting out an interesting blog post on the Sunday) will do the trick.