[//]: # (The Problem with Apple)
[//]: # (29/09/2021)
# Judgement Day (for my phone)
A few months ago, I was finally starting to give up on my phone.  My OnePlus 5T was getting old, the battery was getting worse and worse, and the few years of support that it gets from OnePlus had passed.  What's more, the screen protector that's been on the phone since I bought it has had this really annoying air bubble for as long as I can remember, I've just never bothered to do anything about it.  So, after four years with what's been a great phone, it was time for a change.

I don't know what made me change my mind a few months ago, but I started to really want an iPhone.  Enter the iPhone 12.  I'd never had an iPhone before, since they've always seemed like such a costly investment to make and I've always been big on having my phone just the way I want it.  I'm vaguely out of that power-user customisation phase, and just want things to work.  Everyone is always banging on about how iPhones, and all Apple devices for that matter, "just work".  So that was one of the selling points for me.  Others included things like the gorgeous design of the phone, I'm really in love with the way these phones look, and Apple has a much better stance on their users' privacy - but we'll come back to that later.

# Insult to Injury
I kept finding more and more gripes with switching from Android to iOS.  A huge one for me was to with WhatsApp.  At the time of writing this blog, there is still no official way to transfer WhatsApp chats from Android to iOS, since one backs up to Google Drive and the other to iCloud...  Until very recently, it was also not possible the other way around, though in the last month or so.  Sort of.  You can transfer chats from iOS to certain Samsung devices.  Anyways, that was the first gripe.

Next up to hurt me was the emojis.  I've been on Android for years and years, I'm engulfed in Google's "ecosystem", and use Discord a lot.  All of these have NORMAL emojis.  Compare that to Apple's emojis which look like they want to eat me whole, and you can tell which one I prefer.  Even the native browser emojis look a million times better than Apple's ones.  I really couldn't get over how gross they looked to me.

I was also finding that it seemed like I was being left out of a lot by only owning an iPhone, and no other Apple devices.  My smartwatch, running on Wear OS, paired with the phone and showed me the notifications, but that was about the limit of the functionalities.  On Android, Chrome gave me the option to send web pages straight to my laptop or PC, and while Apple does this more effectively, it's limited to Apple devices, so entirely lost on me.  Speaking of Chrome, the iOS app for it is a webkit browser, like the other options on iOS.  I wish Apple would just not do that, but 👍 ok let's just add that to the list of downsides.

I could go on, but let's fast-forward a few days.

# ~~28 Days~~ 72 Hours Later
I sent it back.  I wasn't happy with it, and I could stand to keep using my OnePlus for the time being.  I figured I would hold out hope for the Google Pixel 6 (maybe even the Pro version? 👀).  For the next three months or so, that was that.

# A shiny new iPhone
I watched the Apple event that introduced the iPhone 13s amongst other incredibly minorly upgraded bits of tech and was initially unimpressed and unbothered by any of it (they were really pushing this cinematic mode, which seems like such a niche thing that about 5 people are going to use).  A week or so later, my OnePlus had developed some sort of life-threatening condition.  Its battery was suddenly draining within four hours of being fully charged, running incredibly hot and giving me something like 30 minutes of screen-on-time (though even if I left it alone, it would still have died in the same four hour time period).

The perpetrator?  Google.  The Google app was killing my phone.  I force stopped it, and it would start itself back up within a few minutes.  I went to the Play Store, and clicked uninstall, though it could only uninstall the updates - but that worked.  I unchecked auto-update, but apparently that didn't stick.  Within an hour of me doing that, Google would decide that it needed those updates, and installed them anyway, and began draining my battery again.

I had come to terms with this being the end of my OnePlus 5T.  And what, pray tell, might I replace it with?  I clearly couldn't wait any longer for the Pixel, so last weekend I went into Geneva with the plan to speak to someone in the Apple store to see if they could ease my concerns about the new iPhone.  That was the plan.  In reality, it went down slightly differently.  I got in the queue for the store, and was asked to make a reservation for what I wanted to do in the store, so I said I was looking to buy a new phone.  I was taken into the store, and a matter of minutes later I had bought an iPhone 13... Pro.  Hey, at least I resisted their suggestions to buy a case, charger, wireless charger, airtag, and everything else in the store.

I was loving it.  The biggest thing for me was the battery life, which was streets ahead of any Android device I'd used before.  The camera was fantastic.  The emojis weren't bothering me at all this time around, and I gave the rest of it a good go.  I didn't want to lose my WhatsApp chats, even though at the end of the day it's rare that I need to go back through a chat so it really wouldn't make that much of a difference, so that stayed on my OnePlus which was now bound to a portable charger.

This time around, I came up with different problems.  I had paid so much money for this phone, and I couldn't justify it.  The extra £300 to get the Pro version really wasn't worth it, and that didn't even include AppleCare+ for those unfortunate situations that make you leave the pub sobbing your eyes out on the phone to a parent (you know who you are 😘).  What the price difference boiled down to for me was an extra lens on the camera, a 120Hz (and adaptive) refresh rate, a better battery life, and a shiny edge which I actually hated since it picked up fingerprints and smudges like there was no tomorrow.  This didn't seem to work out in my head - how does that add quite so much value to the phone?

Within 48 hours, I had returned the phone.  This time, however, I didn't go back to my OnePlus.  I swapped the 13 Pro out for a 13, and considered the 13 Mini until I actually held it in my hand and it was smaller than... well, I don't even know what to compare it to, it's just so much smaller than the pictures make it look, even in videos I've seen it looks bigger than it actually is.

# In the end, it doesn't even matter
I wanted to be satisfied with this phone.  And I was for a few days.  But an illusion like this can't hold up forever.  So much on this phone is just inherently not intuitive.  Why are the alarms not in the clock app?  Why did I have to resort to Chrome in order to download a pdf when I couldn't see any way to do it with Safari?  Why do iPhones still use lightning ports when so many new devices, Apple ones included, use USB-C?  - This point hopefully won't last too much longer, if [a proposal](https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_21_4613) by the European Commission to make USB-C the standard port for a variety of devices.

I will mention one last problem that seems like it should be explicitly mentioned by Apple (maybe it is? idk I've not read into it for hours on end).  Apps have to ask for your permission in order to track you.  Even if you tell the app not to track you, it's not uncommon for it to disregard that and track you anyway.  Like I said, I've not read into it too much, but if you're interested, check out [this article](https://blog.lockdownprivacy.com/2021/09/22/study-effectiveness-of-apples-app-tracking-transparency.html) that was sent to me by [stev](https://stev.top).  This seemed like it was in a bit of a shambles, with some cases showing that there were more trackers when the app was asked to not track you...  I can't say that Android is doing any better than this though.

As before, I could go on for a while.  As sad as it will be to be returning a third iPhone, I think it's inevitable.  I'm also sure I'll be ridiculed for it by the people who told me I'm making a mistake, but that's no reason to hold on to it.  I'll miss the battery life the most, I was beyond impressed by that.  I can't get over how unintuitive the "easy" phone is.  Yes, things work, but there's so much that doesn't *just* work.  Will I finally learn that I don't get along with iOS?  Probably not, but maybe I might need a different entry point into the ecosystem, since my brother's been really happy with his MacBook and he's of the same mindset as me when it comes to phones.

# What the future holds
Today, I've been able to completely block Google from installing its godforsaken updates.  My OnePlus' battery has recovered.  I can get by using it until the new Pixel is released (and hopefully released in Switzerland).  I also would not have been able to fully transition to the iPhone without a few things happening, like being able to transfer my WhatsApp chats, and being able to set up the world's worst mobile banking (and I am fully pointing fingers at 👉UBS👈 here, they've been such an awful bank so far) - though this isn't necessarily an issue with the iPhone itself, it's just something that's happening right now where I'm not receiving certain text messages like the one time passcode I need to set the mobile banking app up...

I am looking forward to the new Pixel; I've liked Google's phones for a long time, but haven't felt the need to upgrade until recently, and what they're offering right now isn't anything special.  I'm hesitant about the design of the phone, I still think the iPhone has a fantastic design on it (though the bezels are worse than my 5T which is close to four years old now, and I thought bezels were mostly a thing of the past now - oh and the notch??? Why even).  The camera "visor" on the Pixel 6 is definitely an interesting choice to say the least, and I can't make my mind up about it; part of me wants to say it looks awful, and another part thinks it's cool and reminiscent of the Nexus 6P, though somehow the 6P still looks way better than what they've come up with this time.

If I have anything interesting to say about the Pixel when I inevitably buy it, I'm sure I will write a blog post about it.  Who knows, maybe I'll send it back within 72 hours of getting it.  Maybe I'll decide to try a Samsung next time.  I might even come to the realisation that there is no perfect phone, though I'm hesitant to say that - the OnePlus 5T has served me incredibly well and hasn't left me wanting more for the past few years, but maybe I'm out of the loop in terms of what's new that I don't have.