[//]: # (Hello from the other side #[of the English channel]#)
[//]: # (29/07/2021)

# What a do, what a day
Today's been an interesting day.  Last night, I worked out that my new SIM card had been delivered to my uni address, nearly 300 miles away from me...  So this morning, I called Three, explained the situation, and was told to go into a Three store to get a replacement SIM.  On the way to the airport, we made a diversion to do this, and the service in there was great.
The service I had at the Three store was fantastic.  It was dead quiet in there, two people behind computers, and they both sprung into action when I told them I needed a replacement SIM.  After that it was on to the airport.

## Terminal 2: Judgement Day
Heathrow airport was a breeze.  Of the few times I've been there, I've never known it be so quiet.  As another passenger on my flight said to me, it was as though we were in some sort of secret club that knows we can still fly to other countries.  We'd left the house early to give me time to get the new SIM card, and we'd really over-egged it.  I had two hours to kill before they even opened the gate, so I got through a LOT of minesweeper on my phone.

## Swiss Air Flight LX355
I had intended to use the sub two hour flight time to try and finish the book I've been reading on and off since Christmas ([Neuromancer](https://www.waterstones.com/book/neuromancer/william-gibson/9781473217386) by William Gibson).  I've still not finished it, and I'm upset that I've not been able to sit down and just read for hours on end like I used to do when I was younger.  Having only fairly recently found out that aphantasia is a thing and that I have it, I have to wonder if that's why I struggle to really get into books these days - and if I was a big reader when I was younger, does that imply I haven't always been aphantasic?
Anyways, after a few chapters of the book, I gave up and slept for the remaining hour of the flight.  I'll finish the book eventually.

## At home to Mr. Cock-up
This is where things start going pear-shaped.  I got through passport control and went down to the baggage carousels, and... looked at a screen that said LHR-GVA LX355 on it, and assumed that would be the carousel my suitcase would be on.  10 minutes later, I look at the screen and it's a completely different flight, and my flight was instead at the opposite end of the building.
I got my suitcase, which I should say is not light, and made for the exit.  Now, to get to the hostel I'm staying in, I had to get the 66 bus from the airport all the way there.  I followed signs saying 66 bus this way, which suddenly stopped, so I followed directions from Google, which took me on a ten minute walk, lugging around this ridiculously heavy suitcase, to a bus stop.  Weird that it would be so far from the airport exit, I thought, but I'd arrived at a bus stop that said a 66 bus would be there shortly, so I thought nothing of it.  It arrived, I got on, and it went to its next and final stop.  The airport.  I'd ended up back where I started.
I spoke to the bus driver, worked it all out, and eventually got on the right bus, and, finally, reached the hostel.

## Hello from the other side
I think that's enough excitement for one day.  I'm here now, and I'm very impressed with this hostel, though I'll definitely be buying my own pillows very quickly.  It's got everything else you might need though, and it's surprisingly roomy.
I'm not sure what I'll get up to tomorrow, but a visit to the supermarket is in order since they were all shut by the time I was unpacked.
It's finally sunk in how big a change this really is, and even though I saw them this morning, I do miss my family already.  Equally, even though they were all hours away from me when I was at home and I've seen a grand total of 3 of them in the past few months, I miss my friends, especially the ones I'm closest to.
Still, they're not going anywhere, and they've all promised to come out and see me when they can (which I'm very much looking forward to 🙏).